# Welcome to the Dutch Django sprint 2015!

During this 2-day sprint we'll join forces and contribute to the Django
Web Framework. Triage or solve tickets, easy or hard ones, improve
existing patches, make the documentation better, take your pick!


## How does it work?

Find a spot where you can work comfortably, and contribute to Django in
any way you like! Naturally you can fix bugs or work on new features,
but you can also improve documentation, write missing unit-tests,
improve localization or anything else you can think of. The best way you
can contribute is to work on something you're motivated about!

If you've never contributed to Django before, a sprint is a good place
to start. There are lots of people around that are willing to help,
including four core-developers that have deep knowledge of Django. If
you have a question, don't hesitate to ask someone.

It's recommended to start with something easy, like improving
documentation or fix a simple bug. Through this you'll get a better idea
how the contribution process works, and you will be more successful for
your bigger contributions later on. You can work on something by
yourself, team up with others, pair program, or have an occasional good
talk with your fellow Django-enthusiasts! Lunch, dinner, drinks and
snacks are provided and in the evening we'll have some cold beers for
you.


## Where do I begin?

### Django's bug tracker

During a sprint, a lot of people are working on Django at the same time.
To prevent people from working on the same issues, we use Django's bug
tracker. Before you start working on an issue, you have to assign it to
yourself, so someone else won't start working on it too. If the issue
doesn't exist yet, you should create it first, but make sure you don't
create a duplicate.

### Open tickets

There are a lot of open tickets in Django's bug tracker - over a
thousand - so it's sometimes hard to choose what to work on. Use the
search and filter features to look for something you find interesting
and appropriate.

For your first contribution to Django, it's recommended to take an
**easy pickings** issue. These issues should be fairly easy to resolve,
even if you don't have a lot of experience with Django or Python.

Some tickets might not be clear to you. Some might have become
irrelevant, and weren't closed for some reason. Some might require more
discussion before the ticket can be acted upon. A sprint is an excellent
place to ask questions and discuss about these kind of things, so feel
free!


## Let's get started already!

Allright, clone Django from **github.com/django/django** and make some
awesome pull requests. Links to the bug tracker and important
information about contribution can be found on
**github.com/gitaarik/django-sprint**. Also join in to the
`#django-sprint` IRC channel on freenode.

There are four core developers present during the sprint:

- Baptiste Mispelon
- Markus Holtermann
- Daniele Procida
- Erik Romijn

Feel free to come to us with questions and suggestions.

Good luck!
